so we want to talk about what keystore
and what it's used for you can see go my
keister is the address book for your
kids you assign them names and there are
keys that you can't remember because
there are even longer than see IDs they
can be all different times it can be RSA
if it can be D 25 519 or many other and
sometimes they are stored in plain text
and sometimes if you provide the
password they will be encrypted as sort
that way you came to watch six whistles
keys by referring to the reason is you
can encrypt and decrypt data books you
can sign them very fine data box you can
also use them as identity so when you
publish I can something like an S you
can use different key for your publicly
purposes and for pops up you can also
sign messages you can also share keys to
that appears and we also identified few
problems that I think were specially one
is recovery is kind of not great and UX
is not great either and whenever you
need to migrate you have to transfer all
of those keys so our friends identify
deserts that beeps certain lines that is
the key to the deviation mechanisms that
lets you have one master key and monix
to recover and you can generate all
those sub keys from it
our friends from textile and sign site
are using those and that's
[Applause]